James O'Brien: Friday standup. Let's keep it quick. Dave?
Dave Rossi: Couple of things. First, the webhook signature verification issue — that turned out to be clock skew on one of the ECS tasks. Marcus fixed the NTP sync config yesterday and signature failures dropped to zero overnight. I'm going to monitor over the weekend and close the ticket Monday if it stays clean.
Dave Rossi: Second, and I want to flag this clearly — I'm going on leave starting Monday the 27th. I'll be out for three weeks. That means next week is my last week before I'm gone. I know James has asked me to write up knowledge transfer documentation for the billing system, but I'm going to be honest, there's a lot to cover and I don't think I can get it all done.
Dave Rossi: The retry logic, the webhook flows, the invoice generator timezone edge cases, the Stripe reconciliation process — each of these could be a full document. I'll prioritize the retry logic and webhook flows since those are the ones most likely to cause incidents while I'm out.
James O'Brien: That's understood, Dave. Do what you can. Lisa, you're going to be the primary point of contact for billing while Dave is out. Are you comfortable with that?
Lisa Park: I'm getting more comfortable every day. The DLQ work gave me a good understanding of the webhook processing pipeline, and debugging the latency issue taught me a lot about the database schema. I still have gaps on the invoice generator and the Stripe reconciliation, but I'll lean on Dave next week to fill those in.
James O'Brien: Good. Also, I want to remind everyone — we have a new engineer joining on Monday the 20th. Their name is Alex Kim. They'll be sitting with our team.
James O'Brien: Lisa, I'm going to ask you to be Alex's onboarding buddy. Make sure the Docker Compose setup works from a fresh clone this weekend — last time it took Dave two hours to manually fix dependency issues. I've created PAY-220 for this.
Lisa Park: On it. I'll test the fresh clone today and fix any issues before Monday.
James O'Brien: Marcus?
Marcus Thompson: GitHub Actions production workflow is live and tested. Staging workflow is almost done — just need to sort out the environment variables in GitHub Secrets. Should be wrapped up today. I also fixed the NTP sync issue Dave mentioned. And I helped Priya set up the ALB listener rule for WebSocket upgrade.
Marcus Thompson: Next week I'm going to start on the observability audit that James asked for in the incident debrief.
James O'Brien: Priya?
Priya Sharma: TransactionList component is done and merged. StatusBadge and DataTable shared components are done and merged. Error boundaries are in place. I started the WebSocket implementation yesterday and the backend endpoint is working in staging, thanks to Marcus. Frontend hook is in progress — should be done early next week.
Priya Sharma: James, one thing — for the dashboard rollout, I'm proposing we use LaunchDarkly feature flags to do a gradual rollout. Start at five percent of merchants and scale up based on error rates. I don't want to do a big bang switch.
James O'Brien: Absolutely. That's the right call. Create a ticket for the feature flag setup.
James O'Brien: Sarah?
Sarah Chen: I finalized the architecture decision record for the token bucket rate limiter. It's merged to the repo. I also want to flag that we need to write partner-facing documentation for the new rate limiting system before the February partnership launch. I've created PAY-228 for that.
Sarah Chen: One more thing. With Dave going on leave and a new hire starting, I want to emphasize that documentation is not optional. I know we're all busy, but every decision we make in meetings and Slack needs to make it into Confluence or it's going to be lost. Let's all be better about this.
James O'Brien: Well said. Alright, let's have a good weekend everyone. Next week is a big one — Dave's last full week, new hire onboarding, and we need to close out Sprint 24 strong.